Welcome back fro to the second meeting. the first presentation we'll be looking at is Poppy's presentation.
I will take this time just to apologise. I, I only,, received my emails later on. 'Cause I was too busy carried away doing my own thing,. so I was looking at how we're going to go about the working design,. on a functional side of things, we found out that wh from our previous meeting, we decided that there're certain points that will make our product unique. one is the visibility in the dark,. And we could use illuminated buttons,. Or we could use fluorescent materials. also we could use an alarm. So if we lost the remote control, perhaps there could be a button on the television set itself, which you could press,. another thing I think we missed out on on the last meeting was the fact that we should consider the environmental impact of our design. from previous researches I've carried out on other projects, we've learnt about smart materials where specific alloys of metals have a shape memory. So they can be heated and and cooled, and they change the shape of the metal. So, the benefits of this for our product would be that when it came to the end of its product life, if it was heated, everything would spring apart. So, all the individual components could be easily separated, and then some could be reused, some could be recycled,. I mean, the user would return the product to the company,. 'cause it's the product's responsibility to get rid of what they've made.
Would we be the company that would break down these, or metals? One thing we have to consider is our one hundred percent turnover goal that we have for our financial sector. so we'll have to investigate how much that will cost us, cost the company,
Also there is components. But I haven't put this plan together yet. This would actually show the circuit diagram. Although I haven't come up with the final circuit yet. I it just shows what sort of energy source. It could be a battery,
And,, the next presenter will be Tara.
There're two functional design options. A multifunctional remote control, which can be used for several entertainment devices. And a single function remote control, used specifically for the television. multifunctional controls can be difficult to use, as the multitude of buttons can be confusing. A single function remote control is simpler to use, but it means you have to have other remote controls for your other entertainment devices. I think that a single function remote control would be preferable,. It'd be more compatible with a range of television sets, making it more internationally sellable. And it would be more profitable as it would be more simplistic. And less functions would have to be included. So it would be cheaper to make.
So as far as we know,, a single function television remote control is us usable internationally?
Does anyone object and, and find the multifunctional might be a better way to go?
I was just wondering about the, what, what Genevieve said before, about having like some hidden controls like having the outer casing. And that would probably,, I, well well what you said before about it being a more profitable simplistic design.
Because we're trying to do so much, that if we're trying to make a unique, user-friendly, dadada, and it's also multi also multifunctional,, we're gonna go over budget for one thing.
And with this we'll have more room in the budget probably to make a more original design.
Okay. So I'll be discussing the functional requirements of this remote control. I've done some marketing research, a lot of interviews with remote control users,, and some internet research. and firstly I wanted to remind you about our company motto and purpose. So we believe in providing international market with fashionable products. hence our motto, we put the fashion in electronics. and we should also be looking to trends in clothing and interior design. Not just in electronic fashion. Any trends that are going on in, in the public, even media,. seventy five percent of users of remote controls find them ugly. Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. seventy five percent of remote control users said that they zap a lot. and fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons.
So it might be very appealing if,, we have very concise buttons. And another thing with lots of surfing, we'd probably have to work on something that could be a lot more durable,
And actually to go with that, I'm gonna give you some statistics on the relevancy of the buttons, how much they're used. Channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight times on average per hour. Teletext,, now I'm not too clear on what that is.
It's just information that, like television timetables, what's on, what's on now, what's on next, on every channel, and
And has a a high relevance of six point five. So it looks like something that we're gonna want to do some research on and include on our remote control. Remote controls are often lost somewhere. remote controls are bad for RSI. But we'll have to also avoid, you know, buttons responding to the slightest touch as well. So I guess we're gonna have to figure out what age group we're, we're targeting,. and if and if voice recognition is something we wanna look into. So it it may be too complicated for us, but it's something to keep in mind anyway.
And something that might further complicate it is that the TV makes noise itself. We need to decide if that is our intention is, is a simplistic design.
An LCD screen though might be something that, you know, you can shift through pages kind of li the way this PowerPoint is working.
It would be good if it had the actual programme that was on, and what was next. Might be quite expensive to do that though.
I think our priority really should be unique design. so in my opinion it should be,, user-friendly and unique. I th myself, voice recognition kind of scares me off. I mean if we wanted to concentrate on fifteen to twenty five years olds, we could go for the fancy stuff. But if we wanna make fifty million, and and have everyone want this remote control, we should maybe. stick to the basics. so I I think, I think the older generations we should be catering to a bit more.
Before we go into more discussion on we want this design to look like, I've received some information from the management that will affect some of our decisions. for one thing, because Having controls with DVD, VCR, that sort of thing, would really complicate the design of the remote control., we've decided not to include them and make it a specific, just a specific television function. Which is good as, as we've sort of decided that we would like to go with that anyway. Another thing that might affect other decisions is that the management feels that teletext is outdated, because more people are using the internet now. So,, all the remote controls must have our We'll incorporate our logo and colour in in some way. but for the purposes of this meeting I, I wasn't offered a, like a type of logo or colour,
It's probably RR in yellow.
So, now we need to discuss, and come to a decision on our remote control functions, of, of how this is going to be.
Are we going to write off the LCD option? So no LCD, no teletext, and no voice recognition.
I don't use teletext that much, but if it was on your TV, you'd want to be able to use it,
It was a management decision,. so it's, it's pretty much out of our hands at this point.
Well I guess, just from my findings it looks like we wanna minimise buttons.
I think we should definitely go ahead with the alarm system idea that you had.
Would you be able to,, put the little device anywhere? so it would need to be something that you could stick somewhere, or something.
It would be able to use the same reception on the remote control I guess, but the actual device would have to have its own infrared signaller.
Would it need a battery then?
So,, more research into that one.
The glow-in-the-dark, fluorescent, whatever, system, is a go ahead.
Right, if if we're minimising buttons, we might be able to make them actually larger. I just thought that it, it might be sucking more battery power, if there, if it is a light up.
So like big buttons, for people you are visually impaired.
We could, may, possibly, sorry, incorporate them both so that the buttons could maybe be in the shape of the numbers themselves and be made out of some glow-in-the-dark material.
I guess the other option, referring to the battery thing is, you know how cellphones will light up for fifteen seconds or something, when you're and then it goes,. if instead of a constant light up on the, on the remote control, if it lights up for ten seconds when it's touched again.
That's probably feasible. did we want to go for the glow-in-the-dark look? Or did we want to go for the lighting up instantly? Because it might, for, for our design purposes, I mean, the lighting up thing might be better because glow-in-the-dark material has a funny kinda colour.
It might be perceived as tacky, glow-in-the-dark.
So we've decided on lighting up things.
Yeah well, I was just gonna throw out there the thought about personalising the remote control. So I I dunno if there's something that diff, you know like five different face plates.
And then that would be more profitable like as a sideline to the remote as well.
You could start out with three, and if, if we hit it big then we can add some on.
I think that we should incorporate that.
The environmental factor, we didn't bring that up again.
We'll have to do more research.